README.md, before:

<div align=center>

# World 60 Penguins

An [Alt1][alt1_url] plugin that uses the [Penguin Hide & Seek Discord][peng_url]'s API.

---

![preview image](docs/images/readme/preview.png)

| Buttons |            Usage             |
| :-----: | :--------------------------: |
|  Reset  | Clears all checked penguins  |
|   ✏️    |  Edit a penguin's location   |
|   👍    | Confirm a penguin's location |

Clicking a penguin toggles its transparency, making it easier to keep track of penguins.

<img src="docs/images/readme/unchecked.png" alt="unchecked" width="200"/>
<img src="docs/images/readme/checked.png" alt="checked" width="200"/>

---

### Installation

---

**_If you have the [Alt1 Toolkit][alt1_url] installed, paste the `alt1://` link below into your browser:_**

`alt1://addapp/https://seatta.github.io/World-60-Penguins/appconfig.json`

**_[You can also use it in your browser][site_url]_**

---

<!-- ### Potentially Planned Additions

---

<div align=left>

- All have been added

</div> -->

</div>

[alt1_url]: https://runeapps.org/alt1
[site_url]: https://seatta.github.io/World-60-Penguins/
[wiki_url]: https://runescape.wiki/w/Penguin_Hide_and_Seek#Current_World_60_Locations
[peng_url]: https://discord.gg/World60Pengs

Commit message:

Added support for installing the plugin via the Alt1 browser

README.md, after:

<div align=center>

# World 60 Penguins

An [Alt1][alt1_url] plugin that uses the [Penguin Hide & Seek Discord][peng_url]'s API.

---

![preview image](docs/images/readme/preview.png)

| Buttons |            Usage             |
| :-----: | :--------------------------: |
|  Reset  | Clears all checked penguins  |
|   ✏️    |  Edit a penguin's location   |
|   👍    | Confirm a penguin's location |

Clicking a penguin toggles its transparency, making it easier to keep track of penguins.

<img src="docs/images/readme/unchecked.png" alt="unchecked" width="200"/>
<img src="docs/images/readme/checked.png" alt="checked" width="200"/>

---

### Installation

---

<div align=left>

1. **Make sure you have the [Alt1 Toolkit][alt1_url] installed.**
2. **Install World 60 Penguins using one of the following methods:**

   - _**Via Alt1 browser:**_<br>
     Open the following URL in the Alt1 browser, then click the `Add App` button:
     `https://seatta.github.io/World-60-Penguins`

   - _**Via Alt1 protocol link:**_<br>
     Open the following URL in your web browser to prompt Alt1 to install the plugin:
     `alt1://addapp/https://seatta.github.io/World-60-Penguins/appconfig.json`

- [You can also use the app directly in your browser][site_url]
</div>

<div align=center>

---

<!-- ### Potentially Planned Additions

---

<div align=left>

- All have been added

</div> -->

</div>

[alt1_url]: https://runeapps.org/alt1
[site_url]: https://seatta.github.io/World-60-Penguins/
[wiki_url]: https://runescape.wiki/w/Penguin_Hide_and_Seek#Current_World_60_Locations
[peng_url]: https://discord.gg/World60Pengs
